Document and enforce dependency configuration requirements (#852)
apcountryman/picolibrary-microchip-megaavr: docs/usage.md

- `PICOLIBRARY_MICROCHIP_MEGAAVR_USE_PARENT_PROJECT_PICOLIBRARY` (defaults to `ON`): use
  parent project's picolibrary

### avr-libcpp Configuration Requirements
If `PICOLIBRARY_MICROCHIP_MEGAAVR_USE_PARENT_PROJECT_AVRLIBCPP` is `ON`, avr-libcpp must
be configured as follows:
- `AVRLIBCPP_SUPPRESS_SFR_MACROS` must be `ON`

### picolibrary Configuration Requirements
If `PICOLIBRARY_MICROCHIP_MEGAAVR_USE_PARENT_PROJECT_PICOLIBRARY` is `ON`, picolibrary
must be configured as follows:

> - `PICOLIBRARY_HIL_INCLUDE_DIR` must be set to the path to picolibrary's `include/`
>   directory

Author: ```suggestion
- `PICOLIBRARY_HIL_INCLUDE_DIR` must be set to the path to picolibrary-microchip-megaavr's
  `include/` directory
```
